[Music]
what you aren't on the cake flames I
like fire I like peanut butter and
chocolate
I like vanilla cake I like strawberry
cake that papers big I'm 5 in a little
bit
I know raccoon and I love you the Queen
but could ya flavor blueberry
I feel lots and I like The Princess and
the Frog don't you want to be a fireman
no I wish unicorns were real and the
unicorn talk to me does it does yeah
there's Leno
he's flat and Sophie gee Fred he's a
poopy cat the Stars she has a dentist
friend two dentists at the beach
strawberry in the pigeon and laser eyes
that's what this one is
this alligator just ordered a hat store
a snake wears like a blue hat
our job do this is where the castles can
be those are the windows raise your hand
if you like glitter I'm in who's gonna
be cake and like cycling on Sophie the
word hammer and have classes play-doh
hey this one man on flat or is it a real
cake play-doh cake
I think this is play oh it doesn't feel
like a real cake no plan frosting
I mean remember right eat all the white
[Music]
chocolate writing this I make it with
this and hot so we can both take one
part of it to our house while we're
doing it during the day maybe it's it's
garden I don't think I've ever seen that
happen
[Music]